=pod

=encoding utf-8

=head1 NAME

Pod::Elemental::Transformer::List::Converter - Convert a list to... something else

=head1 VERSION

This document describes 0.001 of Pod::Elemental::Transformer::List::Converter - released February 27, 2012 as part of Pod-Elemental-Transformer-List-Converter.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    # somewhere inside your code...
    my $transformer = Pod::Elemental::Transformer::List::Converter->new;
    $transformer->transform_node($node);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This L<Pod::Elemental::Transformer> takes a given node's children, and
converts any list commands to another command, C<head2> by default.

That is:

=over 4

=item C<=item> becomes C<=head2>, and

=item C<=over> and <=back> commands are dropped entirely.

=back

As you can imagine, it's important to be selective with the nodes you run
through this transformer -- if you pass the entire document to it, it will
obliterate any lists found.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 command

The command we change C<=item> elements to; defaults to C<head2>.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 command

Accessor to the command attribute.

=head2 transform_node($node)

Takes a node, and replaces any C<=item>'s with our target command (by default,
C<=head2>).  We also drop any command elements found for C<=over> and
C<=back>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

Please see those modules/websites for more information related to this module.

=over 4

=item *

L<Pod::Elemental::Transformer>

=item *

L<Pod::Weaver::Section::Collect::FromOther>

=back

=head1 SOURCE

The development version is on github at L<http://github.com/RsrchBoy/pod-elemental-transformer-list-converter>
and may be cloned from L<git://github.com/RsrchBoy/pod-elemental-transformer-list-converter.git>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests on the bugtracker website
https://github.com/RsrchBoy/pod-elemental-transformer-list-converter/issues

When submitting a bug or request, please include a test-file or a
patch to an existing test-file that illustrates the bug or desired
feature.

=head1 AUTHOR

Chris Weyl <cweyl@alumni.drew.edu>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2012 by Chris Weyl.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, February 1999

